review(tutorials): updated documentation MTA-2390 (#1009)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/jitsi-ubuntu-bionic/index.mdx

    unminimize
    ```

>     Confirm to unminimize by pressing `y`. The apt package manager will download and install the required packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Press `y` to confirm you want to unminimize. The apt package manager will download and install the required packages.
```
